docs: add documentation for schema validation with Signal Forms (#66108)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/forms/signals/validation.md

Forms can include arrays of nested objects (for example, a list of order items). To apply validation rules to each item in an array, use `applyEach()` inside your schema function. `applyEach()` iterates the array path and supplies a path for each item where you can apply validators just like top-level fields.

> ```ts

Author: probably by linter

> ```ts

Reviewer: This is actually "expected" after #66056. Our lint only checks files that are part of the diff, not the whole repo, so unless file is changed, the formatting issue remains invisible.

The `valid()` signal returns `false` while validation is pending, even if there are no errors yet. The `invalid()` signal only returns `true` if errors exist.

## Integration with schema validation libraries

Signal Forms have built-in support for libraries that conform to [Standard Schema](https://standardschema.dev/) like [Zod](https://zod.dev/) or [Valibot](https://www.validbot.com/). The integration is provided via the `validateStandardSchema` function. This allows you to use existing schemas while maintaining Signal Forms' reactive validation benefits.

```ts

> import {form, validateStandardSchema} from '@angular/forms/signals';

Reviewer: #66107 should have realligned everything

The `valid()` signal returns `false` while validation is pending, even if there are no errors yet. The `invalid()` signal only returns `true` if errors exist.

## Integration with schema validation libraries

> Signal Forms has built-in support for standard schema validation libraries like [Zod](https://zod.dev/) through the `validateStandardSchema` function. This allows you to use existing schemas while maintaining Signal Forms' reactive validation benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signal Forms have built-in support libraries that conform to [Standard Schema](https://standardschema.dev/) like [Zod](https://zod.dev/) or [Valibot](https://www.validbot.com/). The integration is provided via the `validateStandardSchema` function. This allows you to use existing schemas while maintaining Signal Forms' reactive validation benefits.
```
